Solicitar registrarse o rehusarse a registrarse para votar no afectará la cantidad de asistencia que dc health link pudiere proporcionarle.
Voter Registration Application
Use this form to register to vote in the District of Columbia, to let us know that your name or address has changed, to register with a political party, or to change your party registration.
To register to vote in the District of Columbia, you must:
· Be a United States citizen
· Be a resident of the District of Columbia
· Not claim voting residence outside the District of Columbia
· Be at least 16 years old
· Not be in jail for a felony conviction
· Not have been found by a court to be legally incompetent to vote
To vote in the District of Columbia, you must:
· Maintain residency for at least 30 days prior to the election in which you intend to vote
· Be at least 17 years old
· Be at least 18 years old by the next general election
To vote in a primary election, you must also:
· Be registered in that party at least 30 days prior to the election unless you are registering for the first time
Please complete all items on this form.  You are not officially registered to vote until the Board of Elections has approved this application. If you do not receive a voter registration card in the mail within three weeks of mailing this application, call 202-727-2525. If you are registering to vote in the District of Columbia for the first time and submit this application by mail or on Election Day, you may be required to provide identification at the polls showing your name and current address.  Your mailed application must be postmarked by the 30th day preceding the next election. After that date, you can register to vote in person at 441 4 th Street NW, Suite 250 North.
Questions? Call 202-727-2525 or 866-328-6837 or visit www.dcboee.org.
Información en español: Si le interesa obtener este formulario en español, llame al 202-727-2525.
Hearing impaired: For TDD assistance, call 202-639-8916.
VRFM01_13
(Use a pen to complete this form)
Check one  Are you a U.S. Citizen? If you checked 'no', do not complete this form.
Check one  Would you like information on serving as a poll worker for the next election?
Yes
No
Yes
No
Gender  (Optional)
Male
Female
Last Name
Ferreira
First Name
Melissa
Middle Name
C
Suffix
Jr.
III
Address Where You Live
Circle One
NW SE SW
Apartment Number
Zip Code
Address Where You Get Your Mail (If different from #4)
Rua Grão Pará 913
Zip Code
02233-080
E-mail address (Optional)
crct787@gmail.com
Date of Birth
6/14/1975
Daytime Phone Number
(Optional)
DC DMV-issued ID Number
Last four digits of your Social Security Number
4890
Party Registration - Check one box
Democratic Party
Republican Party
D.C. Statehood Green Party
Libertarian Party
no party (independent)
other party (write name below)
PLEASE NOTE:
To vote in a primary election in the District of Columbia, you must be registered with the Democratic, Republican, D.C. Statehood Green or Libertarian Party.
Optional: If you have a disability that requires assistance with voting, please indicate type:
What is your primary language if it is not English?
Name and Address on Last Registration
(If outside D.C., include county and state)
I have not been issued a Driver's License Number or a Social Security Number.  Please assign me a number.
Voter Declaration- Read, Check and Sign below
I swear or affirm that:
I am a U.S. citizen:
I live in the District of Columbia at the address (#4) above;
I am at least 16 years old.
I am not in jail on a felony conviction. I have not been found by a court to be legally incompetent to vote and I do not claim voting residence outside of the District of Columbia.
WARNING: If you sign this statement even though you know it is untrue, you can be convicted and fined up to $10,000 and/or jailed for up to five years.
Signature
Date
Notice: Voter registration information is public, with the exception of full/partial social security number, date of birth, email, and phone number. D.C. Official Code § 2-531 et seq., 3 DCMR § 501.
Enviar los formularios completos por correo a:
D.C. Board of Elections
One Judiciary Square
441 4th Street, N.W., Suite 250 North
Washington, D. C. 20001