SOLICITAR REGISTRARSE O REHUSARSE A REGISTRARSE PARA VOTAR NO AFECTARÁ LA CANTIDAD DE
ASISTENCIA QUE DC HEALTH LINK PUDIERE PROPORCIONARLE.

ote Voter Registration Application

District of Columbia gm
Board of Elections HE

Use this form to register to vote in the District of Columbia, to let us know that your name or address has
changed, to register with a political party, or to change your party registration.

To register to vote in the District of Columbia, you must:

e Bea United States citizen .

e Bea resident of the District of Columbia

e Not claim voting residence outside the District of .
Columbia e

e Be atleast 16 years old

e Not be in jail for a felony conviction

e Not have been found by a court to be legally
incompetent to vote

To vote in the District of Columbia, you must:

Maintain residency for at least 30 days prior to the
election in which you intend to vote

Be at least 17 years old

Be at least 18 years old by the next general election

To vote in a primary election, you must also:

Be registered in that party at least 30 days prior to
the election unless you are registering for the first
time

Please complete all items on this form. You are not officially registered to vote until the Board of Elections has approved
this application. If you do not receive a voter registration card in the mail within three weeks of mailing this application, call
202-727-2525. If you are registering to vote in the District of Columbia for the first time and submit this application
by mail or on Election Day, you may be required to provide identification at the polls showing your name and
current address. Your mailed application must be postmarked by the 30th day preceding the next election. After that date,

you can register to vote in person at 441 4" Street NW, Suite 250 North.

Questions? Call 202-727-2525 or 866-328-6837 or visit www.dcboee.org.
Información en espanol: Si le interesa obtener este formulario en espanol, lame al 202-727-2525.

Hearing impaired: For TDD assistance, call 202-639-8916. VRFMO1 13
Use a pen to complete this form)

Check one Are you a U.S. Citizen? Dves E/No Reason for completing this form Voter TD Number

If you checked ‘no’, do not complete this form. a O New Registration O Party Change ag Cais] CE

Check one Would you like information on O Yes No

serving as a poll worker for the next election? dá D Address Change D/Name Change dom

Gender (Optional) Last Name | First Name Middle Name | Suffix

O Male ss j Jr. So H

Female Ferreira | - lisa C ut

Address Where You Live Circle One ÉS Nw SE SW Apartment | Zip Code

Number

Address Where You Get Your Mail (If different from #4) o Zip Code E-mail address (Optional) ==

Rua Grão Rará 913 02233-080 crct787@gmail.com

Daytime Phone Number —
(Optional)

& te 4Bib
Mayig75
Party Registration — Check one box
Democratic Party
Republican Party

D.C. Statehood Green Party
Libertarian Party

no party (independent)

other party (write name below)

PLEASE NOTE:

To vote in a primary
election in the District of
Columbia, you must be
registered with the
Democratic, Republican,
D.C. Statehood Green or
Libertarian Party.

oooooo

Optional: \f you have a disability that requires assistance with
voting, please Indicate
What is your primary language if it is not English?

Name and Address on Last Registration

(If outside D.C., include county and state)

| DC DMV-issued ID Number

Security Number 599

[1 thave not been issued a Driver's License Number or a
Social Security Number. Please assign me a number.

Voter Declaration— Read, Check and Sign below

| swear or affirm that:

OlamaUS. citizen

O | live in the District of Columbia at the address (#4) above;
Olam atleast 16 years old

| am not in jail on a felony conviction. | have not been found by

a court to be legally incompetent to vote and | do not claim
voting residence outside of the District of Columbia

WARNING if you sign this statement even though you know tt is
be convicted and fined up to $10,000 and/or jailed for up to five 6

Mel 50 Pemresnn

Signature

true, you can

U9) [pr
Date

Notice: Voter registration information is public, with the exception of full/partial social security number, date of birth, email, and phone number.
D.C. Official Code § 2-531 et seg., 3 DCMR § 501.

Enviar los formularios completos por correo a:
D.C. Board of Elections

One Judiciary Square

441 4th Street, N.W., Suite 250 North

Washington, D. C. 20001
